Week 2 

Formed group for the project. We chose the project 'Stock Portfolio Management System' and I was assigned the role of developer. For the first meeting, we dicussed ideas for the application, mainly focusing on the main features we would like to implement. Looked at current examples of portfolio trackers to get inspiration and discussed the gaps and possible improvements. Main task for the week was to work on the proposal. We split up the components of the proposal amongst the group. My role was to work on the Epics for the project.  

Had a group call on Sunday night to discuss the progress of our proposal. Agreed on cutting down the length of the proposal especially for the background. The group felt that the current Epics were too big and felt like separate projects. Revised on new Epics with smaller scopes as well as the story points and priorities. My job after the meeting was to flesh out the newly revised Epics. 


Week 3 

Had some issues with group formation since we had too many members. To resolve this issue we decided to do a joint project in two groups of 3. A new member joined to make this possible and then we split the 6 members to form two teams. 

We continued working on the proposal. My job for this week was to fix up the Background. Our vision for the project changed quite a bit as we transitioned from a basic portfolio tracker to more of an educational learning tool for portfolio investment. So i did some research on some of the current educational platforms for stock trading and wrote up a brief overview of them for the proposal. 

Week 4

Handed in our proposal. Split up the Epic for registration into frontend and backend tasks. I am working on backend and my task was to set up the database. I drew up an ER diagram to visualise a possible database structure we could have, obviously expanding it and making continual changes as the project progresses. But currently have user, company and portfolio entities with corresponding relationships between them. Then coded up the database using python and sqlite3. Wrote up some functions with sql commands to retrieve data from the database. Have a bug for searching up users using their name as all entries get printed out. Have not yet fixed the bug. 

Week 5

During our lab, we discussed our program's data model and what exact data needs to be stored and what can be called from the API. Our finalised model was different to the database i had already set up so my job was to go back and fix the database. The biggest change was that there will now be a transactions table that stores all the transactions of a particular portfolio, and the portfolio's performance and value will be calculated from data from the transactions table. We also integrated the database with the user class so that there are functions to manipulate user data. All bugs were fixed and the database fully working. 

Week 6

Allocated next set of tasks in our lab. As a group we discussed key portfolio performance measures that should be displayed to help users make informed trading decisions. We finalised them as stock return, stock value, stock weightings, portfolio value, portfolio return. My task was to code up the calculations and make updates to the portfolio when transactions are added. 

Week 7 

Wrote up pytests for user repository and portfolio repository which will test the functionalities of the database. Other than that my, tasks for the backend are pretty much done. My next task was to set up the final report and detail what needs to be written in the report.   